Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create this edge field.
Okay not to do this, but I need to go back to our vesicles.
Now over this widget, you're going to create a new fly and we're going to codify search on this call
in fields.
Then the section which is the that.
Now we're going to use culture and beat to make this right.
And then we can use this the less we get.
Okay.
We can also call this search if it's okay over here.
We're going to need to highlight then use controller and does not support the material that that package.
Okay.
Now over here, you can see we have two widgets.
That is the test field and this filter icon.
Both are being displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
So for this reason, what's a role widget?
Okay.
For the child is going to be what's appropriate.
Now, this rule can take in multiple widgets.
It asks this to do it.
Okay.
Now for the first child is going to be a test field.
But what you can do before then we can use if this was because we want the test field to fill the available
space.
Okay.
For the child.
He's going to be a text.
Field.
Take.
Okay.
Now we can give you flex.
So.
If flecks of white oak.
Now how to treat a.
Right.
Okay.
Now, the first thing you're going to have in this test shield is something known as decoration.
And this is going to be box decoration.
Right.
Sorry.
Not books the creation but imputes.
If it's decoration.
Okay, great.
Now what we can do is we can sell a few caller to call us.
That's white.
That's Wanda Chesterfield, TV of Color of White.
Or we can just leave it at red for now.
They're both going to set the field to.
True.
This is going to give some greenish color.
Okay.
Now what's we can do?
Well, first of all, they just want these contribute anesthesia first, then use control B to make
this well.
Then they're going to go to the home screen, then where they're going to have positive air.
So that is the switch.
Right.
Okay.
So this is the way that can a digital coma control this to save?
Good shape.
You do it and it's in the Earth's.
Okay.
They can see this, right?
Now what you can do is you can see that it has filled the available space.
Right, because of this level, which are reason to wrap it up.
Okay.
Now we will continue for we will stop.
Now the most in we are going to have is the border.
We're going to say better than this is going to be hard line of line if border.
Okay.
Now what we can as well do this.
We can make it a bit crowded so you can see a border with us.
Whether we use that circular, that circle of shifts in the K with labor check it out to see what it
does.
Okay.
Great.
They can see the weather.
The train, the coma.
Right.
Okay.
Now we can get rid of the body.
Right.
To do that.
Oh, we just have to do is we tend to align if it were to be just going to sit by the side is going
to vote the side that not.
Okay.
Go check it out and see what it does.
You can see does get rid of the border.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we can do is we can have the earnings test, which is more like the place or the sorry outside
the line.
If you've order within the declaration because of the interest, which is more like the place order
in your estate though.
So this is just going to say search.
Search for products.
Right so you can it in today you want to we can give this side to this plays into its into tie so for
this tied is going to be a tie so he's going to be test.
This tie.
They could just give you a color to call a loss of career.
Okay.
I'm trying to save in.
Go check this out to see what it does.
Okay.
You can see to where.
Now, what you can do is you can add an icon, right?
So you say, how did you cover?
We turned it into decoration.
You can have.
And they co-writes.
So I would just have to say is.
Preface.
So within in the future crucial because the proof is icon that you can just use a container so able
to have access to the port in the okay so for the child is going to be icon.
Echo Jets is going to be.
So it is.
And they used to try to be immediate assets.
Image that assets.
The key assets are the location.
So.
Okay.
Yeah.
So they can see we have these assets, right.
Assets then.
Icons.
Right.
Okay.
Down, down.
Filter.
Okay.
So there's going to be assets slash icons.
This lush filter.
Right.
I think the name is.
He'll hopefully then make mistakes.
Really mistake future thoughts.
That changes.
Okay.
That is going to be very big.
So we can give you a size to this.
So with 15, I think we need some additions.
Okay.
I'm trying to save.
Right and go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
So that should not be theater.
But.
Situates.
Okay.
I try this to save.
Okay, great.
Now we can give you a pardon for this.
You can see that was the reason for this container.
So the other side is the part that is an edge and sets.
That's all.
You can't just give a pardon of 50.
Right.
Okay.
You had enough to do.
It's inside, right?
So there's going to be kids.
It's.
It's similar.
Okay, great.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Now what you can do.
You can give some bits of space between those edges.
Not to do that, but we just have to.
Okay.
Well, there.
Maybe they have a part in that just goes to the head and sets.
That's all of maybe 24 now.
Okay, use caution.
This is TV.
Check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
So we can get rid of this red and just use white.
Hopefully we can't see this.
Okay.
Great.
I think it's too.
It's in, right.
Okay.
Grids.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.